feat: added adr for burning or tterc721 token (#26)
Open-Attestation/adr: burn_erc721Token.md

# Burning TradeTrustERC721 Token

## Status

Draft

## Goal

ERC721 Burnable Token can be irreversibly burned (destroyed). The ERC721 implemented by OpenZeppelin allows this by transfering burn tokens to address(0) as shown below:

```sol
function _burn(address owner, uint256 tokenId) internal {
    require(ownerOf(tokenId) == owner, "ERC721: burn of token that is not own");

    _clearApproval(tokenId);

    _ownedTokensCount[owner].decrement();
    _tokenOwner[tokenId] = address(0);

    emit Transfer(owner, address(0), tokenId);
}
```

> However, TradeTrust is still required to render and track burnt token. Since unminted tokens and destoryed token have the same owner address in the Erc721 Token Registry, we needed to find a way to differentiate a unminted and burnt token. This means that TradeTrust would have to modify the ERC721 implementation or modify its verifier method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the TradeTrust application, tokens are still required to be traceable and viewable after destruction. Since unminted tokens and burnt token appear to have the same owner address (.ownerOf() throws error 'cannot query non-existent token') in the ERC721 Token Registry, it is necessary to find a way to differentiate an unminted and burnt token. 

There exists two broad approaches to resolve this:
1. The ERC721 implementation is modified to support the additional state of 'destroyed'
1. The verification method in OpenAttestation or TradeTrust is modified to detect the history of the token, if any exists
```

## Options

After some discussion, 2 strategies stood out:

#### Continue using 0x0 as burn address

This strategy involve burning token normally. However, when verifying the token, the verifier would check if the document had previously been emitted a `Minted` event.

Pros:

- semantically correct because token is not owned by anyone anymore
- no need to inform consumers of a burn address

Cons:

- difficult to implement
- event emission might be lost in future
- state is not immediately available to be queried (as both unminted token and burnt tokens had `0x0` address, thus we need to query events)

> #### using 0xknown as burn address (like [0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead](https://etherscan.io/address/0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### using a known address as a burn address (e.g [0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead](https://etherscan.io/address/0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead))
```

> This method instead would see that the token would be burn to `0xdead` address, a known burn address which no one has the keys for. Subsequently, in order to track the token, we will need to check the `ownerOf` token from the token registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method instead would see that the token would be burn to `0xdead` address, a known burn address that there is an extremely infinitesimal chance anyone has the keys to. Subsequently, in order to track the token, we will need to check the `ownerOf` token from the token registry.
```
